# purgamalum

### How long did you spend on the technical test? What would you add to your solution if you had more time? If you didn't spend much time on the technical test then use this as an opportunity to explain what you would add?


I spent a couple of day I think, most of time I consumed for thinking for how I can solve it in a clear, readable and reusable way.
If I had more time I would do more testing especially for edge cases.


### What do you think is the most interesting trend in test automation?

I think there are several things is valuble to count;
- New tools, libraries, methodoligies and many more. For eg: Selenium 4 after long period is awaited coming with bunch of features like Docker support, parent frame identification and many more.
- Codeless automation is getting more popular without knowing a line of code even.
- Using automation framework bursts the testing capability in a short period using less effort.
- Self healing automation with the use of AI/ML techonologies would be excited.
- Cloud testing will improve speed and efficiency of test automation on cross platform and cross-browser.
- CI/CD in Agile environment with the use of parallel testing can save time and cost for quality development.



### Explain the concept of contract testing and the best strategy for implementation.

Contract testing is the method for testing two different applications how they communicates each other. 
The aim to achieve the same thing, is that each system is able to be tested independently from the other and 
that the contract is generated by the code itself, meaning the contract is always kept up to date with reality. 
Pact and Spring Cloud Contracts are examples of frameworks that default to this kind of implementation.

### Please describe yourself using JSON.
```
{
  "firstname": "Murat",
  "lastname": "Zeybek",
  "profession": "SDET",
  "nationality": "Turkish",
  "livesin": "Birmingham",
  "interests": [
    "Tech",
    "Reading"
    "Sport"
  ],
  "dreams": [
    "World Peace"
  ],
  "believe": [
    "Respect Everything in their way"
  ]
}
```

### What are your thoughts on manual vs automation testing?


- Manual testing is testing of the software where tests are executed manually by a QA Analyst. It is performed to discover bugs in software under development.In Manual testing, the tester checks all the essential features of the given application or software.
- In Automated Software Testing, testers write code/test scripts to automate test executionAutomation process is more reliable because it is code and script based
- Manual Testing is more time-consuming process
- Automation Testing is not possible without programming knowledge
- The initial investment in the automated testing is higher. Though the ROI is better in the long run.Automation testing is ideal approach when frequently executing the same set of test casesAutomated Testing is suited for Regression Testing, Performance Testing, Load Testing or highly repeatable functional test cases.
- Manual Testing is suitable for Exploratory, Usability and Adhoc Testing. It should also be used where the AUT changes frequently.Manual testing proves useful when the test case only needs to run once or twice

Murat Zeybek
